Dawn Ninham: Hello.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Dawn Ninham: Morning so good.
Dawn Ninham: Well,
Dawn Ninham: Yesterday I got up and he did the whole, you know, dig up early to point out for a walk. It kills me. Other harassment.
Dawn Ninham: Data almost all the whole day not just thinking that
Dawn Ninham: Much but then my dogs run away. Can I do them for the walk on the back road.
Dawn Ninham: My dogs like 330 they ran away or they got out. I didn't know. And then they're like, half hour and then I would look for him could want them anywhere. So they finally came back around 930 last night, I was so scared I was almost crying.
Dawn Ninham: I
Dawn Ninham: Was one more time. And then also, this came walking up there were always on the bottom line is like you to ponder.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is funny, they just decided they were taken off and having some fun did yesterday.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: I guess they go on long enough, walk. I went I went him it one way and then 10 minutes back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They would have more but
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Well, I actually, um, but, so this morning I plan on do the same thing. Getting up early, but I think from maybe being overwhelmed because they were gone. I was scared.
Dawn Ninham: So,
Dawn Ninham: He came back and was like, Oh, thank God. So when I went to sleep with a new movie stranger things on TV.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, or on Netflix and so I watched. I don't know 2345 episodes of that. And then I'm asleep, and then I
Dawn Ninham: Always tend dating it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. That's all right. You know, you're getting on your, your training your body and your mind to get on a different system. And so it's going to take some time to be able to do it consistently but you just got to kind of stay at it, you know.
Dawn Ninham: How are you feeling that Monday.
Dawn Ninham: I'm gonna walk, yet this morning that oh my gosh, I'm gonna be late. If I have to go right away.
Dawn Ninham: My bicycle. So very good stuff. But I feel good. My
Dawn Ninham: Puppies are out in the Kindle right now. So yeah, freedom is done and we have to fix Darby and it broke yesterday. That's what we were in the middle of doing when the dogs runaway he was timing it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, but
Dawn Ninham: But I was gone. Searching for the dogs, then what he had all back together and tried starting it and it didn't start. So now I'm going to have to
Dawn Ninham: Just wait to get back apart.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh my gosh. What a pain. How
Dawn Ninham: Easily. Good morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Morning. Good morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a lot. So what were you saying about Monday.
Dawn Ninham: Monday we joined. We went to the first NA NA meeting. Yeah. Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, how was
It was good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it was.
Dawn Ninham: I didn't cry and nothing good.
Okay, Mike.
Dawn Ninham: Did you
Get
Do you get listen numbers.
Dawn Ninham: Know they gave us one guy that really neat. I guess we really needed all the guys like we're on a game numbers.
Dawn Ninham: You know me, Jeff, what you put your number. That number that's gonna be my number. He's gonna call me. I don't want Don't call me, but that's the
Dawn Ninham: Way we raise our hand side, it wasn't one spot that we were covering I figured that second time I go tonight.
Dawn Ninham: I would you know go up and ask somebody about a sponsor. It was weird to you said you know three Jeunesse people first one because
Dawn Ninham: This lady started talking and so they had quit using. And then the other guy said, all you can do this. I was like, whoa tricky.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: My kids are proud of me.
Dawn Ninham: Looks good. I'm not that makes me happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how do you
Feel about
Dawn Ninham: Good. Today I read yesterday afternoon I gotta run off of it and I get visit today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, you can visit the kids today. Good.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Good around for him on Monday we went to. Why wouldn't you want to come home. I would straight to the meeting so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. And then you're not here.
Dawn Ninham: To find out what you're
Dawn Ninham: Gonna do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, have to go to jail for 60 days.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah. He'll probably do 30 for Riley, is he had left no welfare took away or just binges or whatever, put on hold. So he got pulled over. But I don't know how you got in trouble. Anyway, he took, he took the fine in 60 days Dale, rather than a probation and just ongoing thing.
Dawn Ninham: It doesn't work. So that could work so
Dawn Ninham: He says,
Dawn Ninham: He needs to go check in the arrangement cited else. I'm like, Oh my goodness. So I wouldn't talk to my worker on Monday.
Dawn Ninham: As well. So we're going to know one good thing. And there's two things because one you want to pay for testing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Dawn Ninham: KNOW. I MEAN HE'LL BE until we are
Dawn Ninham: Writing and then number two.
Dawn Ninham: You want you can put
Dawn Ninham: Me in a 40 hour
Dawn Ninham: Wait for Cocos up that's 120 so
Dawn Ninham: Every color comes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Away already
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a lot of money.
Dawn Ninham: It for the next two weeks then he'll get his next check and put a note on you know the $200 away.
Dawn Ninham: From the beginning gallop. So honestly, but $180 for me just
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't know my either my internet or your Internets kind of going in and out.
Dawn Ninham: I put it on data.
Dawn Ninham: So I wouldn't get to the last drop
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Better
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you're going to go back to the meeting tonight and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Raise your hand and ask about getting a sponsor.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. And, you know, listen to what they say about any kind of workbook studies.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because
Dawn Ninham: Just today book.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, you asked for, just for today.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, just for today book, please head on her to give me one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, it just for today is daily meditation, where you open it up first thing in the morning you read the daily meditation, let it absorb in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And sometimes you'll, you'll feel like it's directly talking to you, and other times you know you won't, but it definitely puts in that positive affirmation inside your head that you need, first thing in the morning, you know, to be able to face your day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A workbook study is where you get the NA workbook and you meet with a bunch of other women. You want to women's workbooks study group is what you want to look for look for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And if you get a sponsor tonight, then she'll the hopefully be able to kind of guide you in that right direction, but that's really working.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In my opinion, it's really working the steps in a very thorough manner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I think that you'll get the most out of it. The workbooks amazing because it breaks it all down into sections, you know, and you read it and then you answer the question, you know, as honestly as you possibly can and you know you don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You don't, other than your study group. You don't have to share that with anybody, but your sponsor you know that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Personal for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But it really kind of dives in in depth and helps you kind of clean out the closet and deal with, you know, stuff and see life in a whole different manner, you know,
Dawn Ninham: Good at that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's really good. You're doing an amazing job. JOHN I want you to know that, you know, showing up and being present and being active and being willing to put yourself out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And go to meetings, you know, I know that it's tough. In the beginning, but I'm telling you keep doing it and you'll be so glad that you did.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And did you get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did you put in a piece of paper in the basket to get your to get signed showing that you went to that meeting.
Dawn Ninham: Yep. Me and him did, yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I asked the girl next to me when I just happened to see Europe to visit and I will just use little girl, but she was that any group. I was like, whoa, I was like, Are you following me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She's like, no.
Dawn Ninham: Like, I think I am as a dump all be wrong, but these are laughing. And then I asked her for what I heard a little paper so everyone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you get, you know, week of meetings and how many times a week. Are you planning on going.
Dawn Ninham: There, we're okay with me going to any groups like three times a week, but I'm trying to go five but now the van broke. I'm going to try to get the three, no matter what. And then
Dawn Ninham: And I already have a ride for
Dawn Ninham: Any other day Monday, Tuesday, he could take me and then
Dawn Ninham: I just kind of have one more day I was thinking I'm or that like days. I don't see the kids would be a good day to go
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, because the kids keep us, but so na so every day, I'll be good. You know, everybody will be a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once you start forming those relationships in there. It's like you'll look forward to going. You know what I mean. You'll feel comfortable in there when you go and it'll be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you'll build this over support system around you and people that you can call in recovery that when you're struggling
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what a sponsors for too so that you can call her anytime that you need a lot of sponsors, say, I want you to call me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Once a day for the first 30 days. And so what they do is they put the responsibility on you to be able to make that contact once a day. Call the sponsor check in. Let them know how you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's really kind of helping you build these better habits to be able to reach out, you know, when you're struggling so that makes sense.
Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: I'm 110%, like you said, hundred 10% the next four months, but two months. Most definitely. You know, I mean, to keep things going to change like to see if there are still fall fixed, you know, I mean,
Dawn Ninham: I gotta know I got sure if I dive in, 10% if I'm not, you know, I mean I got another that's gonna say month told him to come on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah and you do the next right thing and you're you're pushing forward, you always get proof of the things that you're doing like like having each meeting sign for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean when you have to go back to court generally your sponsor possibly should be able to go in there with you as you know a support, but also as a confirmation that you're doing the work, and that you you're actively engaged in a program
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which will you know definitely help you know on your side.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's something that you can talk to the person that you get for a sponsor, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was definitely the first step you are well on your way.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Again, but I'm going to do, I'm going to successfully complete that and didn't know how to do. Last time I just asked the wrong people. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And if you, you know, again, attention, pay attention to what they say, pay attention to how long they have
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In recovery, pay attention to how their life changed, you know, are they working. Are they stable and do they have a sponsor because when you get a sponsor you don't just get that sponsor you get grand sponsors and you get sponsors, he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know support system to who's walking and early in recovery, just like you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And generally, it's been my experience is you kind of develop this whole family.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Support supportive family. So you guys will be working, you know, working out the workbook together meeting with your sponsor on a regular basis. You know what I mean having her on speed dial. She'll be your go to person.
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's pretty exciting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's kind of scary at first, but it's pretty exciting woody for when you start going and getting engaged in it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I'm gonna be good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is going to be good and having
Dawn Ninham: A lot of
Dawn Ninham: At the bottom of the bottom, bottom already so I got there's only going up from here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you keep that positive attitude.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep that motivated positive attitude that I'm going to do this 110% no matter what tough going to get, you know, times are good things are going to get tough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I'm still going to do it anyway. You know, and just keep charging port and I'm telling you, you know, it's been my experience that you will feel it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm
Getting
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How have how's your eating them.
Dawn Ninham: I've actually been trying. I'm like, I gotta eat healthy, you know, I was walking through the story. He who I always want to solve the chocolate or the you know the sack foods so
Dawn Ninham: I might believe I did pre camp with I remember saying to the outside of the store, you know, all, all done, I'll see if you go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the middle
Dawn Ninham: East all the junk food, but outside. So that's how I'm gonna try eating healthy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, even if you just implement, you know, different
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fruits and vegetables within your daily
Dawn Ninham: Apple the peanut butter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I need to. I love apples with Fernando is better, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm a banana for that.
Dawn Ninham: This week to I did that sort of the chocolate about the apples and peanut butter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. And what about your water intake.
Dawn Ninham: And that's why I wouldn't got a jug of water because we only drink like bottled water.
Fresh water night.
Dawn Ninham: So I'm going to go get a couple of gallons instead of just one, but I always drink coffee in the morning, usually ice water during the day, but I don't like I don't really take a lot of juice or soda. I don't like soda, you know,
Dawn Ninham: You can't get your water you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. So, though, you get those two on track and you'll, you know, they're always going to be a work in progress and you're always
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not always going to be able to veer towards a healthy food because you'll have cravings for that chocolate and it's okay if you give yourself permission to have chocolate once a week or whatever. But you don't want to stay in that. You know what I mean. Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: I already have ankle like to into two days or three get to three days and I haven't eight apples a peanut butter and
Dawn Ninham: Jelly what vitamins that wouldn't got vitamins from the morning, the ones one today.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, good. Yeah. And I just don't walk yes rate I have ankles today like amazingly usually they're all pumped up and swallow and I think angels today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yay, see it's already you can already feel the difference. Right. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And there'll be times when doing what's good and healthy for you will feel hard and you won't want to do it, do it anyway. It's like
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, some sometimes, you know, kind of think about it in terms of, you know, there are mornings when we when our kids get up in the morning and we don't want to move right but we do it anyway, right, because they need to be taken.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Care of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you think of that when you're having those struggles to eating stuff healthy
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think of it that way. This has to be done. My kids are going to benefit. My body is going to benefit. It has to be done. And so you get to that, you know, solid thought process and it kind of views you away from wanting to do something different, you know,
Dawn Ninham: Yeah. Cuz there's less last week I've noticed
Dawn Ninham: We're always usually making spaghetti or pizza or something like really like tacos or we're always making something like really rich and but this week. I tried something different and I brought the apples of peanut butter, of course, and then I got
Dawn Ninham: Wheat crackers and wheat bread. I like the way that
Dawn Ninham: He's made chili mac instead of, instead of spaghetti, spaghetti is really that they don't be diabetic. So it's really bad for you. It's really not going to eat like a quarter cup of sauce and maybe a third cup of noodles and that's all you like 30 grams of carbs.
Dawn Ninham: Couldn't believe it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's a lot just to
Dawn Ninham: Try to follow that. Yeah, I'm going to try and follow the like how you see when I was starting to fill up
Dawn Ninham: The 1510 grams of carbs.
Dawn Ninham: 1530 at night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good. And you're getting enough sleep right
Dawn Ninham: Oh, yeah. Yeah, definitely. I told him I said I sleep six hours, you know, that's or six, or maybe even six and a half, because then once I get up. If I just make myself get up, I'll feel way better. Like I did yesterday.
Dawn Ninham: So good. I am five and a half hours sleep for six hours sleep, and I felt good. I got up, I just kept going, you know, in my. It was awesome until like later on in the gym and I lost my dogs and I laid down but didn't go sleep.
Dawn Ninham: Late there. I thought, man, are they ever going to come back to town, Adam, or somebody had him. I thought because I
Dawn Ninham: I was on Facebook and I touched that is that if no matter what. Even if your kids aren't around you always have your dog. Yes. So I click the like button and also my dogs are visiting. I was like, somebody had them.
Dawn Ninham: I'm like no one employee on hold an elder
Dawn Ninham: shouldn't even like button.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, we got to get out of that and they came back. You know what I mean, that's the great part about animals, they know where home is, you know,
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, that's good.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you have a lot to work on this week, you have a lot of activity that's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So next week I'm going to be curious to hear you know how it went. And that you got a sponsor and and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know that you've got these things you're going to meetings on a regular basis. So, and trust me when I tell you that you're going to feel 100 times better when you become active in in the recovery field as far as the sober support just stay away from the drama. If you see if you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you meet people that are talking about other people in the meeting and are really gossipy you want to stay out of it. You want to walk away and and turn it
Dawn Ninham: On yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because that doesn't get you anywhere, focus, focus on the winners, is what they say.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To people that are doing it you know that don't engage in the gossip and that are not half measuring their recovery, but really putting everything for you know you want somebody like minded on where you're at.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I was there any reason pull up to yeah we pulled up to me and I thought, Whoa, you know, our friend Chris, whatever. And I was like, you really want to know like
Dawn Ninham: He was drinking on like, what is going on. I was like, man, I'm not coming to any to get influenced a group to come to an A and B.
Dawn Ninham: You know, to not get influenced something and what is going on. I was like scared to walk in there because there's already people drinking outside, but the guy had different got to be convinced the kid.
Dawn Ninham: To go you know go pour that out. Come on come on come into class, you know, and he actually did. He did pour it out, but he didn't come in. But still, like, I was like, thank God, nobody else was inside doing that.
Dawn Ninham: Oh,
Dawn Ninham: Well, maybe I put myself in a worse situation, but I didn't. It was good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're always gonna again, you're always going to find those people like that that are outside, you know, they're really and what that tells what it tells me is that they really want help, they want somebody to reach out to them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because they're stuck in you know their active addiction and somebody like that, that says pour that out and come into into the meeting, you know, let's you know, get some let's get some hope going on. And that's why they're out front there right and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just gotta was
Dawn Ninham: Like oh my gods of temptation. Yeah, I've really tried tipped us because he was like, Come on, give me a ride on the street and I thought, no, this done before, like, no, I was like, no.
Dawn Ninham: And he's like, well, it's just demonstrate. I guess I'll walk my god you know
Dawn Ninham: Neither one of us had no
Dawn Ninham: We just kind of sat there and looked at just like we just want to give them a ride nowhere.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, I'm glad you didn't
Know,
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very good. Okay, I'm gonna let you go. You've got a lot that you're doing this week and either get some substance in your body and get out and enjoy that sunshine, a little bit.
Dawn Ninham: I know
Dawn Ninham: Pretty well. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's beautiful, and have a great visit with your kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I will say,
Dawn Ninham: Well,
Dawn Ninham: Okay, Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll see. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. Okay. All right. Bye.
Bye.